Constructing paths from pathitems

In this example some simple paths are constructed out of pathitems, which are
the building blocks of paths. While we only use `moveto`, `lineto` and
`closepath` instances, we can already see some features of paths in PyX. ... In
the first path instance `rect1` we successively use `moveto` and `lineto`
pathitem instances. A `moveto` instance sets an internal ''current point''
while a `lineto` instance additionally creates a straight connection line
between the old and the new ''current point''.

Due to the intermediate `moveto` instances we generate a path, which contains 4
separate subpaths. When stroking this path using an increased linewidth to show
the details, the result looks like when the individual subpaths would have been
stroked independently.

In the second case `rect2` we skip the intermediate `moveto` instances. The
default join method between pathitems within a single subpath is to miter them.
This results in a different rendering except for the start and end point of the
path. To get rid of this effect you can close the path as shown by `rect3`.
Here you can (and should) skip the last connection line since a `closepath`
pathitem implicitly adds a straight connection line between the first and the
last point of the subpath.

! PyX resembles the full PostScript path model. The whole PostScript path
construction functionality is available by corresponding pathitems and the
resulting PostScript code will make use of all the corresponding PostScript
operators. For PDF output, where some of the PostScript features are not
available (all forms of arcs are missing in PDF), proper replacement code is
generated automatically.

!! You might be interested in why you should consider to skip the last
straight connection line of finite length when closing a path. It's not about
reducing the file size but about stability in rendering the drawing. The
problem is that in case of rounding errors a very short connection line might
mistakenly be inserted when rendering a `closepath`. Depending on the linejoin
setting this can create a major visual defect.
